Refactor wrap/deploy of SAC (#718)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/tokens/stellar-asset-contract.mdx

## Deployment

> For every Stellar asset that already exactly on the Stellar network,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every Stellar asset that exists on the Stellar network,
```

> For every Stellar asset that exists on the Stellar network,
> one respective Stellar Asset Contract can be deployed on the Soroban platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every Stellar asset on Stellar has reserved a contract address that the Stellar Asset Contract can be deployed to. Anyone can initiate the deploy and the Stellar Asset issuer does not need to be involved.
```
